---
layout: post
title:  "No Fear – Only Faith"
date:   2017-02-27 16:16:01 -0600
image: '/images/pages/text1.jpg'
---
Today’s Readings – Numbers 22-25 and Psalms 77
Numbers 23:23 declares, “There is no sorcery against Jacob, no divination against Israel” – and again in Chapter 24:9 we read, “May those who bless you be blessed and those who curse you be cursed!”
Many Christians today come from a religious past where “curses” are commonly placed upon people. I have spoken to several who are deeply troubled because some “religious” person in their past placed “a curse” on them. There is fear associated with this practice and fear perpetuates the deception that these “curses” can harm us. These chapters in Numbers provide comfort for Christians who come from this type of background because they clearly state that God strongly opposes those who “curse” His people. As consecrated children of God we live under a protective shield that cannot be penetrated by these false religions. We also have been given authority in Christ to have power over this kind of activity.

Read Ephesians 1:18-21 with me: “I pray also that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened in order that you may know the hope to which he has called you, the riches of his glorious inheritance in the saints, and his incomparably great power for us who believe. That power is like the working of his mighty strength, which he exerted in Christ when he raised him from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly realms, far above all rule and authority, power and dominion, and every title that can be given, not only in the present age but also in the one to come.”
Not only has Christ been raised above all these principalities, but we are in that place too – “And God raised us up with Christ and seated us with him in the heavenly realms in Christ Jesus”. (Ephesians 2:6)

What we really need, when faced with this kind of spiritual opposition, is faith. Faith that our God is bigger than their puny gods! He eats them for breakfast. Faith, in the face of false religion, casts out all fear. The curse spoken over a Christian will return upon the person who uttered it! Such is the power and protection of the child of God. A person who is “hidden in Christ” has absolutely nothing and no one to fear. He walks in the love and grace of Almighty God, who alone is to be feared. Imagine coming out of shaman or witchcraft dominated religion and into the freedom with Christ. What joy there is when we realize sin and all the false religious practices of the World have no hold on us any more. This is what we are to say to Church-going people who feel oppressed by false religion – “Have faith in God! Hide yourselves in God! Walk in the love of God, which casts out all fear! – And be blessed!”

Questions:

1.      As Christians, what are we to fear? Why is this?

2.      Are we to have fear of the enemy? – Of death itself?
